adding text fragments docs (#22905)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/fragmentdirective/index.md

---
title: Document.fragmentDirective
slug: Web/API/Document/fragmentDirective
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Experimental
  - Property
  - Reference
browser-compat: api.Document.fragmentDirective
---

{{APIRef}}{{seecompattable}}

The **`fragmentDirective`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Document")}} interface returns the {{domxref("FragmentDirective")}} for the current document.

## Value

A {{domxref("FragmentDirective")}} object.

## Examples

> Try running the following in Chrome devtools, in a tab with matched text fragments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try running the following in Chrome DevTools, in a tab with one or multiple matched text fragments:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Try running the following in your browser's developer tools, in a tab with matched text fragments:
```

Author: I've changed all such instances to `Try running the following in a supporting browser's devtools, in a tab with one or more matched text fragments:`, to make it not Chrome-specific, and also give the reader a reminder that it is not supported everywhere.
